Thank you everyone again. Thank you very much for the participation I've succeeded many times.
Thank you.
Thank you everyone. Again, now we are going to continue to concluding these teachings of the great
master Mahabharata.
And again, for those reasons, please activate your virtual motivations of the yoga and the
appreciation you've been grateful for.
And then vastness of motivation of the bodhicata and as well as purity realization of the practice
or the understanding of the radhiana teaching of the three various stages.
And now, with those beautiful intentions, we go to the teaching itself.
And that is, now we are in the Ved 16th, according to that or whatever form you have. It's 16th.
Now, in the 16th and the second line of this first page, here is the samsara, it's mainly construct
ions.
When you are free from the concertion, that is the great westerns. So that is what teaching is
saying, that samsara is mainly constructions.
This is generally the Buddha teaching, where this samsara came from, the samsara, the jhagintra, s
amsara, where did it come from?
It's all emanated, all merged from our mind, due to the mistake and unknowing situation of the true
nature.
Where it started, from the ordinary natural state of the great emptiness of the rupa, great
emptiness of the rupa, Dharmakaya rupa, is pervasive.
It's pervasive. Freedom and no partialities. Free from the partialities, discriminations.
And openness from that energy of the rupa, express the energy of the rupa, we sentient beings,
react it at very beginning time.
And that is the beginning of the dualities. Then we deluded the whole things, whole our display of
the energy we deluded.
And because we hold as a subject and object in a carried way, carried way.
Otherwise, it's all from pure, puristic, it started. Emptiness. Emptiness of the rupa, if I use the
word emptiness of the rupa.
And how it came, came as a delusion, is not solid existence.
Who is going through that? We all beings are going through. All the beings with six veins are going
through this challenge.
There is no end, because we are propagating, continuing one after another. As cocoon created its
own trap, cocoon's own trap, and trapped it.
Our one's own creation is completely, we are trapped it, with the hope and fears and all the
emotions.
These emotions are the energy, display of the duality, or ego clinging.
Ego-cling is nothing but duality. It's grasping, clinging. There's nothing substantial, existing,
independently existing ego-cling at all.
It's merely conception, ideal. We are holding on to that.
That is samsara. How long it is going to run? Endless. It's going to run endless.
Then there's no end. Is there any, if we reverse that? Of each of ourselves.
It's one's own creation, we have to reverse that direction. We have to reverse that direction.
How that? That's the gracious teacher, Buddha Hya Kya Muni said in the teaching, part truth, part
truth, part truth.
Then the cessation of truth comes as samsara completed.
So here, great master Muharrammajr is merely conception. Milly, that means it's not really solid.
It's merely.
Why is it not solid? Because mind or the concept is not solid. We discussed that earlier, and you
know that.
Consumption is empty. Not just empty once in a while, but that moment is empty.
That's what we discuss in the Dzogki teaching. Moment is arising, that moment is empty.
Where that happening, and empty in the space of the rupa, where it's merging back, emptiness of the
rupa status.
Or it comes from Dharmakaya, it's hovering or the display happening in the Dharmakaya state of rupa
, it's merging back to the Dharmakaya status.
But we were there, we trusted by our dualities. We grasp and cling, hold it. That is Kri Samsara.
For those reasons, what's in the teaching said, Buddha teaching, Tantra teaching said that this
conception is the great ignorance.
This is leading us and completely pushing down us in the samsara.
It is the primary cause or the very cause of the samsaras.
And Gurbi and Masambhava are teaching, so I'm everywhere. It's not just saying, "I'm through this,
what I'm talking about."
They're just saying that. And Gurbi and Masambhava were said.
The biggest demon is the conception, the biggest demon that will disturb us, now and forever.
Not just one time, two times, the biggest demon, obstructor, hindrance, troublemaker.
Pay in the net, constantly, or pay wherever you can say. It's constantly. It is really a conception
.
So therefore, what Gurbi and Masambhava said, "I should take out this or now I should take out this
conception
by the wrathful evilness of the emptiness of Rapa. Take out."
That's the reason. This is what the teaching is. This is what it is.
So therefore, now Zoki is the most powerful practice that cuts directly to this conception.
And then we practice, continue with this, then we will become the free of the conceptions.
Out of conceptions, we are looped of the samsara is ended.
We are destroying, undermining, softening.
For those reasons, great Masambhava said that thinking of emptiness in a short time, it matches.
It makes it like softening or like losing up the dualities.
Really, think of it in a short time.
How powerful? Because the emptiness realization is directly opposite of grasping and clinging.
The antidote is directly opposite.
Therefore, merely thinking, it will make, what is his teaching says, it will make the spark.
The spark, Rupu. Rupu means it really will make power. Power is so strong.
Then it's kind of strong, powerful, strong.
But when it becomes like rotten or something, then it becomes soft. It's just no strength.
So it will make this samsara, the thinking of the emptiness in a short time,
well, peeling away the samsara maybe. Rupu in a debate world, I can't translate it exactly.
But it makes it rotten. When power is rotten or something, then it really makes it not like this.
It just becomes soft. It just breaks away easily. That's what the teaching says.
So that is it. So now, when the conception is free from the conception, what will happen?
Then he has said, the great mattham of Rupu said, the wisdom, the great wisdom shines.
As much as we create the conception, so after that, as we practice the meditate,
that much, the conception, grasping is going down, suffering, suffering.
At the same time, the inborn, inherited wisdom is growing, growing, expanding.
It's not growing that we cannot exist. We're rewirling, rewirling more wisdom.
Then all the five wisdom will shine. When you complete the purify, the liberated,
you are the consultant to the Dharmakaya, Rupa's status,
and then full bloom of the sunshine of the wisdom arises. That's what he said.
And when you have that realization, even here, the great mattham of Rupu said,
that is the great wisdom. Whoever has this realization,
whoever has the realization of the emptiness of the wisdom,
that moment, we're getting closer and closer to the Buddhahood, enlightenment.
We're getting closer and closer to the Buddhahood
and well-read enlightenment in these lifetimes.
In these lifetimes, we're going to say goodbye to samsara, samsara,
and we ask the scour as enlightened status, enlightened status.
And then, the next one, at the end, mindfulness also disappeared in this own natural space.
That means here, at the end, what that indicates generally,
when we receive the dokti teaching, that is not enough.
Resuming the dokti teaching is not enough. Resuming the dokti teaching is great.
It's awesome. It's marvelous. It's unique. It's so great.
But that will be enough for us. Resuming that? No.
This end here indicates we have to put that in action.
The teaching you received, knowledge you got,
Glam's understanding of the Rupa, we, in each of us, have to put that in action.
That is known as joyful effort to the practices.
We have to put that in action.
Without putting that in action, the full blown realization
of what is mentioned here won't come easy.
I'm sure you experienced it. You received the teaching a long time ago, maybe.
But how much we may progress? You can ask our own self.
Have you met very great progress? Wonderful. Thankful. Really. So great.
That is not just I'm saying the great. All the Buddhas and bodhisattvas,
enlightened beings, lineage masters, are clubbing the hinge of your growth.
That means those who have got good realization,
they become the shining stars of the galaxy of the samsaras.
You're going to illuminate it some degree and dispel the darkness
of all these illusions. Wonderful.
But if somehow we didn't got any big progress, why?
Because we didn't put that into practices, with joyful effort,
with devotions, with bodhisattvas.
And maybe we just only thought, "Oh, Dzogchen is a big teaching.
With teaching, it is so special. I don't have to do anything."
And we think that way, we are pulling our self, or deceiving our self.
We have to practice. Look to the Dungchima. He practiced and meditated
so many years. Read the life story of Garab Dorni,
even his emanation of the Vedasattvas.
According to the teachings of the life story, Garab Dorni meditated.
Many Shirdi met her and meditated in practices.
He put those on the practices, as Dzogchen said.
He said, "All the lineage masters who lie as a golden king,
one after another, they are great practitioners."
They really are great practitioners.
That's why they bear their true nature, actualization.
And all those 25 disciples from the Gopi and Masambhava,
because 25 great Gopi and Masambhava,
did not come and bone like that great Shirdas,
or great yogis, the yogi-ness of them.
They did not bone.
As received teaching from the great master from the Gopi and Masambhava,
the Shirdi, Rachata, and Brahmanamataram,
they put that in action.
And they got the teaching.
I mean, this view, we all know that.
So therefore, here, it indicates great masters, more than what you said.
At the end, we put that in practice,
continuing that joyful effort to the Dharma,
not just one day, two days, short time,
continually keeping with courage and commitment,
devotion in both each other.
And then we really will reach.
Then the point will come, here, see?
Then you see with the own mindfulness.
So that means we are getting closer, closer,
that even though we don't need any effort to do practices,
particularly effort, joyful effort, that practice,
because your will of the spanning of the power of energy
is continually spanning.
Spinning because of your maturity,
your energy, your motivation, now it's spinning.
It's accelerating by itself.
Self.
And what the great master Chaturkati in the teaching mentioned there,
with them in a pottery well,
I mean, the ancient time, they went pottery.
I mean, now too.
The pottery, they have will,
the potwork, the clay pot will be making well.
At the beginning time, the potmaker will turn that with the head
or method, that.
But once that reach to the cruise level or the level,
the potmaker don't have to turn all the time.
It's spinning by itself, and you make the pots, clay pots.
Use that example.
It's spinning by itself.
Because of all the ego-clingers,
distractions of the negativeities are kind of going away.
The self purity, clarity, wisdom is shining.
And therefore, even the mindfulness, that effort,
that thought, consumption is disabled.
And then here, that happened here.
That happened the next month.
And therefore, there is no more boundaries between mindfulness and wholeness.
Then you can know him, he's already mentioned here.
And then day and night, the continually maintained,
and free from the effort, immovable, abiding in the sky.
Even you're not putting any effort, in nothing particular,
that you really become strong.
You are in the meditative status.
Meditative means what?
Actually, natural status.
We are in the Rupa status, whether we recognize or not recognize.
We are always in the Rupa status, or Dharmakaya status.
Never lived.
But we destruct, we deluded, we caught up by our own dualities.
Now we're back to the sport, our own dominion,
our own sweet home, sweet home, where we belong.
And therefore, there, all is become, how they have become here.
Instead of the great luminous state.
Luminous state, all the Muslims, all the competitions are shining so beautifully.
At that time, in the competition, the Muslims were shining so beautifully together.
And we will not make any negative activity that will hurt the others,
to our own side.
We're not accumulating more habit patterns.
The garbage, we're not collecting.
Back that way. We're releasing now, freeing ourselves,
pretty from the garbage of the obscurations and habit patterns.
At that time here, they said, pretty from the effort,
he moved by abiding in the sky.
You are relaxed in the sky, straight to the Rupa.
Whether you are sleeping, you are in the Rupa status.
Whether you are walking, we are in the Rupa status.
Whether we are sitting down on the floor, on the chair, we are in the Rupa status.
Whether we are talking to someone, we are in the Rupa status.
That clarity, that energy, that light, beams are shining in our heart.
Now, all our dominions of the perceptions are now transforming into the luminous state clarity
or Dharmakaya or Trikaya status, religious.
Everything here, all that, whatever activity we do,
are like weather displays, sky, in a true nature.
Everything is really just like merging and happening.
There's nothing in it that substantially solid kind of going to bed.
Everything is display of the wisdom.
Next one, this page is 17.
At that time, they are, or we are, for example, we continue to do,
we are beyond helping or hurting in several regions.
Everything, because why?
We are totally pure in the status of the loving kindness and the compassion
and the Rupa state with emptiness combined, target inseparable.
So, all our activities become activity of Dharmakaya, activity of the Sambukaya,
activity of the Dharmakayas.
There's nothing to sort it out.
All is benefitting to those beings.
At the same time, we are refining, reactivating our realizations,
understanding of the Rupa.
At the same time, we are cleaning, settle those obscurations and habitiveness.
And when that happens, what is it?
There's someone who that, that when that will happen,
practice this leg in this way.
The marvelous sky yogis.
Now this sky yogi.
The whole entire universe is transformed.
The sea is not transformed.
Now you begin or we begin to see everything is sky state of Dharmakaya.
Everything is sky state of Dharmakaya.
And all this place of what we are arising from this space of that is Sambukaya and Dharmakaya.
You completely begin to see the external universe and the world as Thirikaya matters.
That yogi is great.
The yogini is great.
That is really, now they're back to the dominion.
The origin status, for a long time we are completely diluted, carried forth with our own delusions.
Now we're returning.
We're getting closer to our own throngs.
Throna of Dharmakaya.
We begin to see the palace of Dharmakaya.
Palace of the Rupa.
And we begin to see.
Now really truly we are begin to capture our own domain of the origin status.
And that time, then, that time or the in process of these practices, what it comes here.
The devotion, the pain, the compassion, the wisdom, so forth, you have come naturally.
When we begin to practice and meditate generally, as much as you got the realization of the yogini,
that much devotion comes.
That much compassion comes.
That much you can understand of all these world things.
That you see clearly of what is in permanent.
And cause and affect us.
The precious lives of us and others.
So easy.
Don't have to make any effort.
We will not going to think it's kind of, oh, I don't need this.
Because part of them is split.
Why we're rejecting that?
That is not the Dhokti teaching.
We're rejecting something except we need dualities.
Another form of dualities.
It's dualities.
So when that happens, when these are coming, so that means all the actualizing both each other.
It's all coming so far for me.
Because absolute both each other.
Now you're discovering, become so strong and clear as billion sun in the heart.
Then actualizing both each other is coming so beautifully.
Just growing perfectly.
Actualizing both each other activities are principally summarized
by the great teacher, Bodhaka Yamali, in the six paramattas.
So six paramattas activity is coming so beautifully.
Talking with this, this, all this devotion.
Both each other.
Then the porno session talk and as well as then it's all part of the six paramattas practices.
And then our knowledge is shining.
Wisdom is shining.
That's called omniscient status.
Omniscient is coming because there are no blockage of the creation.
Habitat is not blocking our inborn wisdom.
It's really coming.
So then, and all this was in teaching session.
All the art in the Bhumi and the Patas are growing.
Then you're really advancing.
According general Buddhism, we are advancing.
Then five path and ten Bhumi.
According to the teaching, as I listed yesterday,
four visions are we advancing.
This path in the Bhumi and the poor vision is not externally existing.
Is it level measured our inner realization of the Rupa?
If it is not a Rupa.
When you got how much we discovered, you can.
This is a Tamil material of our realization measured by this.
This, you can see.
Even you got the realization, highest realization.
Still calm, peaceful, humble, simple, drawn to the earth.
Generally, when you got the realization in the teaching session,
that individual, that breathtaking will become so humble, so simple,
because no ego clinging, no emotion such as arrogance.
Never mind any choice.
We need come to the phenomena or in the law of the karmas.
Never going to ignore trying to suppress,
always kind of bring the walls of the dokki teaching, trying to suppress, undermine.
No, that is not practicing.
According to the Ayana teaching, in the Buddha teaching,
and Gurbimasambha teachings.
The more you have the realization, the more you become humble, simple,
more content, more grateful, more graceful, more common sense.
When you talk about the law and the comparison,
boneless love, boneless compassion, boneless joy,
joy to all the living beings without any discriminations.
One great teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni said in his teachings,
"I love all the sentient beings, all the beings as my only child."
Child, that is what really does.
Infinite love, infinite compassion.
When you love, have someone has love,
the respect and appreciation comes to that moment, to that individuals.
Julius, and this is just, that is part of this, what he said.
It all comes upon tenuousness, naturals, naturals, all that.
Naturals.
At that time, that is gurus, samala, samala gurus.
And that moment, then when we are reaching more,
and then we breathe from the heart and the face.
And then great birth and no cessation.
It's great, then great.
Then this moment we reach into the ultimate, almost close to the ultimate states.
Then we don't have any hopes, hopes to reach enlightenment,
or any fears that I'm going to be falling to the samsara.
Because you are merging the samsara to the nirvana,
or merging the samsara to the dharmakaya states.
Samsara, dharmakaya are, the boundary is collapsing,
and you transforming the samsara as dharmakaya pure land.
Oh, the Akanista, Omini, Devachama, great pure land of the great blissful states.
Really, that individually is transformed, that we need to see.
Then everything, and yes, there's no hopes, nothing to open to get enlightenment.
You're already on the status.
The hope and the fear, we think this and that is duality, is conception.
Now that is gone, that is where, where, where, in your status.
Therefore, everything becomes as enlightened as bliss.
And for that reason, that great master, that great practitioner,
maybe that person, maybe he or she, whoever,
appears as person or the individual, look at the base.
But inside, rupa is completely burst up to the Buddha who sits, enlightened.
Dharmakaya sits, karmakari sits.
The moment they, according to the teaching,
the moment they pass, their physical elements dissolve back to the element.
Physical dissolved element back, they dissolve back to the element.
That awareness now bursts it as full bloom.
Like here, great master, more than I'm going to say,
big garutas now begin to fly.
Flying where? In the Dharmakayas.
From Dharmakaya status, begin to emanate Sambukhaya and Nirmakaya,
according to all the sentient beings, until everyone is reached enlightened.
How are they going to emanate it?
In the teaching said, continuation, pervasive without any effort.
That is, continuing means, continuous, not just today and tomorrow,
or only at this, they are going to emanate at benefit activity,
then office is closed for 16 hours.
No. All the time, continuation.
And pervasive means, not just pervasive means to everyone,
not just short place or just selective groups for whom beings are not animals.
But all the beings, override beings, they are going to pervasive the benefits.
And when they benefit all that, now is big hardship, big effort, big kind of dragging,
"Oh, I have to do this and that."
No. It's continuity, spontaneously.
Continuation, pervasive, spontaneous without any effort.
That's how they are going to benefit.
And that's when stages, and that is here, next page, you know.
Next page is Imahu.
Imahu. How wonderful. Imahu sounds terrible.
How wonderful. How amazing.
Now you discover or we discover that individually,
discover there in it, nature as they have.
We don't obscure and cover up by the creation of duality.
Duality is gone. Obscuration is gone.
Negative emotions are gone.
Now all transformed into great wisdom series.
Therefore, everything for this enlightenment, everything means what?
What they see, what they hear, what they smell, what they taste,
what they feel, what do you see, everything is in like a stage.
Not just a small group, this and that also, kind of selective things.
They're everything in that stage.
Then here, great master, Mahatma just kind of concluding this,
"Where did this come from? How did that happen?"
He says, "The resolve of the awakened life is too various."
That means in order to reach this, we have to make this with accumulation of practice.
It's a very combined topic.
Great Master, he told me, you know what he said, in one of his teachings.
He said, "When we are practicing, where we are practicing?
Practition, we need four triggers."
He said, "This is the trigger of the wealth of all the practitioners."
He said, "Shouldn't we miss or shouldn't we lose these triggers, this wealth?
W-E-A-L-T-N, wealth."
And we've missed those wealth.
Then our spiritual become poor, our practices become poor,
more pathetic, more powerful in these stages.
Whenever we have these four, we will be rich, always rich of the practice.
That means when we are rich of the practice, that means we are accumulating various things.
A community marriage, Muslim marriage, both are building up.
Please, at that moment, what we are doing, that moment, as much as we build a marriage, that much
is probably fine.
Obscurations, emotions, observations, knowledge obscurations.
You can use the habit pattern, all habit patterns are clean.
What are those four wealth?
Listen, whatever you know, wealth.
First is devotion to the lineage, joy and devotion to the lineage,
and to the Bodhisattva Sangha's devotion.
Second wealth is love and affection to all the Sangha members and then all the beings.
That. And third wealth is great compassion for all the beings of six realms.
And third, or sorry, fourth trigger is always have thought of the impermanence, impermanence.
But for those renunciation, what we discussed, the impermanence, are you good?
Fourth, those are the great master, his only union which highlights as wealth of the practitioners.
And we are missing those wealth.
That means that we are not so rich of them.
Then we could go, go down, become more poorer, poorer, poorer, and then maybe rich.
And we have company, then we have to apply bankruptcies, policies.
Then, that's it, then close the door.
What does that happen?
So therefore, if we like to make rich, wealthy, competent, upper class, and then billionaire,
this is what great master, his whole union, we said, we should have this thought, really thought.
So with that, then accumulate the merits, merits.
Then it will reveal, again summarizing like this, and that will reveal this primordial business,
primordial business as we discussed earlier.
And then it's part of the whole phenomenon.
And how the great master, the one who got this realization, he said,
because again wealth of this, what his own union would make in wealth,
because he's remembering, being grateful to the teacher.
I realize this comes from the beat and structure of the lama or lineage.
And without the difficulty, you have, or if I apply tomorrow,
I have this in my arms and my hand.
How amazing.
And if we do that, we will get the same.
Relatation of the Buddha nature, in Buddhahood or Dharmakaya,
is not just reserved by the selected gurus, or it has copy right.
No?
We all have the right to be enlightened.
So we will get, as entirely as a great master, my hormone called realization,
as a unkeeper of that.
So that is like, again, reactivating, glorifying, and appreciating,
and rejoicing, and aspire to us that we should do the same way.
So that is what is.
Next two lines are the dedication and aspirations.
That is then, you see here, I don't have to talk that.
And this is the great master, then he said, in that date.
Then this was written by, or spoken, or taught by the mama-jambhir,
mind of the fine fire monkey here, and it's just a separate source.
So this, and then by this, the dedication is so important.
And now I complete the breathing about this entire teaching,
and went to that common ascension point of teaching, teachings,
and I get that.
But again, I like to say, just summarize this teaching.
But how will we practice this?
How we do it?
I mean, of course, you all know.
Put this into the three novels.
In the debate, called tambasana.
Beginning tamba, middle tamba, and konkuluri tamba.
So that means beginning good, middle good, konkuluri good.
Beginning good is started with devotion, bodhicata, and appreciation,
and you do those daily practices of the devotional practices,
and as well as rafu and bodhicata.
Activate it.
And then also same time, those four renunciations told.
And we have time, and it reflected those short times.
So that is the beginning.
In the middle, then you do the documentation, as we went through.
At the end, that means end of the session,
when you're going to end the session, and do good dedication.
That's the great Master of Honor with aspiration.
Dedicated in that which manage to all the sentient beings,
really manage all living beings to remove their suffering,
the difficult troubles, and reach everyone to enlightenment
and discover their inner nature,
so that all will become more calm and peaceful also immediately,
and then in the long-term, everyone will bring to enlightenment status.
So really wish that stone in the heart and the mind,
and then do all your dedication, prayers.
Prayers, and that's generally all the practices,
according to teaching, the linear instruction,
you should put those every practice of that three frames.
Beginning good means a good motivation, a good intention, a good thought,
and then do the practices, and do good dedication, prayers.
And aspiration, prayers, and wishing.
Dedicated your merit, at the same time, what you want to be.
Here, good Master of Honor with me.
May everyone discover that absolutely, in any nature, manjushiri.
That's the problem, that's the requirement, manjushiri.
May everyone discover that.
Really, he prayed because of merit of this, merit of his teachings.
That's what in the teachings is.
They may all actually discover their inner natures.
So that is very much my teachings,
and thank you very much again for your participation,
and thank you for your dedication and your dharma,
and you're all very devoted whoever here,
I'm sure that you're really devoted,
and kind of very practicing.
So I really encourage you all to practice and meditate
as much as you can do in this world.
We have these opportunities, and this is wonderful.
And great, and thank you everyone again for participating.
And then, once I'm a member,
I ask that I can give the transmission of this teaching,
but I really don't do the transmission on the line,
or any of those I can do,
because I don't have the capability to do those.
So I don't do the transmission,
but those individually, I'll give you all,
by the devoted teaching of the Buddha Dhamma
and the particularly zoki teaching.
So this modern body teaching is modern body, such a great teacher,
and it's very popular.
Everybody honors him,
particularly yinma and god is,
so you can, those lineage master who have this transmission
or the lineage teaching,
and then you can ask, and since it's also not too long,
I think they can be easily that.
For me, time, even you didn't receive the transmission,
but I think that will be generally all connected
to the yinma teaching, to the modern body.
Therefore, with devotion, the devotion,
when you have the power of the mind and devotion,
then really it changes behind the scene.
It makes something so magical,
things according to teaching, every time I mention that.
So therefore, then you even didn't receive the,
actually transmission, but you practice it,
I'm really pretty much sure we got the same benefit, the realization.
But also don't just lead that way, honor the lineage.
So therefore, whenever you have the opportunity
and meet some teacher who has this lineage teaching
and ask them transmission,
I'm sure they will be happy to you all.
And that's what I just thought. Thank you.
Thank you very much, everyone.
And now, if we have time, we're going to do practice
of the earth and assembly celebration with our yokchi retreat
or yokchi teaching. It's wonderful.
Thank you, everyone, again.